- I got 100 of my subscribers
and gave them each $10,000.
And I also rented one of the
largest malls in the world
and locked them inside.
And for the next 10 hours,
I'm gonna hunt them down.
Run!
Get outta here!
Skedaddle!
If I find them, I take my $10,000 back.
If they survive until
morning, they keep it.
- I've never been in this mall.
- This place is massive.
- Let's go!
- Oh my God, yes!
- No, one's gonna find me here.
- No way!
Can we put this in our pockets right now?
- I know I saw someone at Lego Land,
so me and the boys are gonna check it out.
- This is ridiculous.
- Whoa, this is actually crazy.
- I know for a fact
someone is in this room.
- Isn't it funny
that there's probably
gonna be somebody here?
Let's go this way.
- Come on!
- Wait, you found someone up there?
- Yo, my parents literally told me
not to be the first person out.
- The first person has
officially been found,
and he has now transformed
into a mannequin.
One down, 99 more to go.
We need to spread out,
so I sent Chandler and Karl to Toys R Us
while I checked out the ice rink.
This mall literally has everything.
This vending machine is
suspiciously far off the wall.
Oh.
Why is this vending machine like this?
There's a ladder.
If they climbed up that
ladder into the ceiling,
they deserve to win 10 grand.
- I'm feeling there's
people at this Toys R Us.
Did you see people here?
Do you know?
- I don't know.
- Yeah, right!
Are you even hiding?
Is there anybody else in the Toys R Us?
- Yes.
- Oh, his morals are shot!
- Someone's definitely
behind these curtains.
Oh, snap!
Yo, I was not expecting the first one.
- Oh my gosh.
- There's no one else over here?
Here, hold one second.
See his face?
Yeah, there's someone else here.
Oh, I see another blue shirt.
- I can't.
- I just saved another $20,000.
I'm sorry for ruining your dreams.
- It's fine.
- Oh.
No!
- Are you the only one here?
- Yes.
- Well, you just lied to me
'cause there's somebody right here.
- What a good guy.
- Oh no.
- I hate you so much, not you so much,
but I hate you so much.
- I'm a super broke college student.
This money would actually change my life.
- 10 grand would definitely mean a lot
for, not only me, but for my family.
- We've been searching for three hours,
and I've only found seven people.
So, I need some backup.
I called in Sapnap and Marques.
Guys, I need you to search this ski resort
'cause I don't have time for it.
- Hello?
Ah, found 'em.
Another one.
Oh!
- Oh God!
- There's a person there!
- There's someone?
Oh my God, how did you get in there?
I found the person.
- Oh, you made a little fort.
- That was a genuinely
good idea, but we got it.
- Nolan's checking the trashcans,
Sapnap and Marques Brownlee
are checking the ski resort.
I wonder how Karl and Chandler are doing?
- We are gonna check every
single water slide here twice.
- I don't see anybody in there.
- I didn't see anybody in there.
We're gonna check.
We're looking.
- We'll check this slide.
- Wait, guys, there's nobody up here.
- Hello?
- Yo, you called?
- Yeah, I was curious what you're up to?
- We're at the water park.
- I trust you.
Just try to find more people, okay?
- Should we check?
- They're not even allowed to be in there.
- But what if they're cheating?
- That's fair.
- No way.
No way.
Now we're allowed to go on the slide!
- Yeah!
- Getting out of Toys R Us.
Apparently they were
coming into Toys R Us.
- I see you!
What's your number?
Hey, where are you, sneaky?
You're not gonna pull a fast one on Nolan!
- While the contestant
was running from Nolan,
he actually ran straight
into Chandler and Karl.
- Look, he's running away!
- What?
He's lucky my feet are wet,
and I don't have shoes on.
I'm catching you.
- Around the corner!
- No!
- You're fast.
- With just under six hours left,
we had 78 people left to find.
- We should go find people.
There's a briefcase right there.
That means there's somebody nearby.
- Are you awake?
- She's asleep.
- Hello?
Yeah, but we found you.
Good morning.
- No, you didn't.
- What is this, Tareq?
- A panda.
- A hiding spot.
If you're in this pile of
ginormous stuffed animals,
you're gonna get found.
See that zebra blanket right there?
That's oddly stretched out
in the shape of a human.
Let's see if I just made 10 grand.
- I think I scared you.
- No, but that would've been embarrassing
if you weren't there.
- Ya boy's exhausted.
No way you're back there.
- Yo, we have a little guest.
That's crazy.
Good luck to you.
- Thank you, you too.
- Yeah, let me get a putter.
- Chandler, what are you doing?
You don't work here.
- Relax.
- What are you guys doing?
We're supposed to be looking.
- We're looking, man.
And you have to stop undermining the fact
that we're looking.
- I don't know where he is, so...
They are playing mini golf right outside.
- Howdy.
- They caught someone
right outside the box.
- Experience is what it's all about,
and I'm glad you guys
got to play putt-putt
while making me lose.
- We've caught 37 people so far,
which might sound great,
but I still have $630,000 on the line.
I think I might need some backup.
At exactly 5:00 AM I scheduled
a SWAT team to show up.
Believe it or not, there's
an entire theme park in here.
We haven't even searched it yet.
Does this not look cool?
Here's the twist I haven't told them yet.
Every person you guys find,
I'll let you keep half the money.
- Yes, sir.
- They're so serious.
What's the plan?
Do your thing.
- You two back there.
Us three, we're just gonna
circle around the whole mall.
- 7752, make sure the area's
clear before we leave it.
- Someone under the stairs by the exit.
- What?
No way.
- They are scanning this place like crazy.
- 77, check behind the
escalators to your nine.
- So, you're currently
operating a thermal drone,
and then calling it out to your people.
- Hey, we got two behind by the brown mat.
- Oh my gosh, there was a drone.
- Wait, is that someone hiding?
- Come on, let's go, let's go.
Come on, we're out.
- How long have you been under there?
- The whole time.
- The whole time?
- There's a drone flying
literally right above my head.
- All clear.
- Oh my God.
How long have you been back there?
- About five hours.
Tired.
- Not gonna get away money on our watch.
- This SWAT team does not mess around.
Oh my God, bro, look at how
many people they're finding.
He's carrying that like it weighs nothing.
You all managed to find 10 people
faster than I found like two.
As promised, you guys
can take half of 'em.
- Are you for real?
- Yeah.
- Thank you.
- Actually, here, take this one as well.
You each to get a clean
briefcase of 10 grand.
Thank you!
- Thank you.
- Appreciate it.
- SWAT team that crushed my dreams.
- And now that that's done,
this entire theme park has to be empty.
- Somehow they missed me.
I guess the drone didn't see me.
- And now they're mannequins.
The hunt continues.
Even with the SWAT team, we
have too much area to search.
We've gotta get some
contestants out in the open.
And to do it, I called upon
our friend, Jack Black.
This is gonna play over every
speaker in the entire mall.
- Jimmy's closing the water park.
You guys better find a new place to hide
if you want that money.
- Thank you, Jack Black.
- I love him so much.
- He just said that they
closed down the water park.
I have to go down all these flights
- I'm going to keep hiding
here 'til the end of the night.
- My next mission right now
is gonna be to go to pee.
I hope I survive?
- Gonna try to go under
the stage right now.
I don't think he'll be
able to catch us there.
Alrighty.
Made it under the stage, guys.
I think we'll be good here
for the rest of the night.
- I'm not kidding,
there was just somebody
there and now they're gone.
Tareq, give me your camera.
- Okay, there you go.
- There was just...
- You just saw somebody?
- Yes!
I was yelling at you to get over here.
- I don't see anyone.
I think we're good.
- It is 7:00 AM.
I knew as time went on, the
boys would get less motivated.
There are 53 people remaining.
And if you guys help me get it under 30,
I'll buy all your moms a boat.
- My mom likes boats!
- Here's how the math works out.
You get me under 30, I save 230 grand.
I can find a nice boat for 15 grand a pop.
That equals savings in my pocket.
It should be smooth sailing for the boys.
- I see what he did there.
- I believe I've sniffed out my prey.
Are you kidding?
I was positive.
There's no way nobody's
I see you!
I was almost about to leave.
- You almost kept going.
- If it means anything,
my mom's one step closer
to winning a boat.
- Your mom?
- Turns out the boats
were a good motivation
because the boys started
finding a ton of people.
- Oh no!
- We're down to just over two hours left.
The contestants have to be getting tired.
- I'm beyond delirious,
but I think I've totally outsmarted Jimmy.
- All right, Nolan, what's going on?
What are you doing, dude?
- I'm becoming an old man.
And I'm gonna go become a janitor.
Back in my day
I think I heard something
in the candy store.
I found my t-shirt.
Have you seen anybody
with a blue jumpsuit?
- I'm trying to think.
- Feel like you're lying to me, son.
- I would never.
- Jimmy said he already looked here,
but Jimmy's not good at it, so...
Oh no!
Dude, immediately.
Jimmy, you already looked here?
- Oh my gosh.
Remember, if you win your mom a boat,
you also win Sapnap's mom a boat.
- I wanna give Sapnap's mom everything.
- All right.
- Grandpa's mad.
You've been found by the old man.
What were you doing?
- I gotta go to pee.
- You were going to the bathroom?
- Yeah.
- Well, this is awkward.
- The search goes on.
- You're not lying to
me, no one's in here?
All right, I know what I need to know.
Scan the area, boys.
- Oh!
- I knew it!
- Now is there someone in here?
- No.
That's it.
- I believe him.
And if you count up the
mannequins back here,
there's over 70, which means
you guys hit your goal.
All your moms just won a brand new boat.
- You're welcome, Mom.
- Karl, I think my girlfriend
could really use a new shirt.
- I'm gonna be honest, your
girlfriend looks good in red.
- Karl, what do you think
about this shirt right here?
I don't remember what size she is.
Maybe we should buy all of 'em.
Here.
What about these Charleston Chews?
- Yeah.
And the shelf.
Maybe not the shelf.
- No, I want the shelf.
You know what?
I don't want the shelf.
You know what, Karl?
I think my girlfriend also
would want an It'Sugar box.
Let me just grab it real quick.
- Oh my God.
- Yeah, you really almost won.
- Love to hear that.
- You can do your thing.
I just need this.
With only 30 minutes left,
the mall actually opened to the public,
and I still have $230,000 left to recover.
Do you wanna be in the video?
You see any people in blue jumpsuits?
- Not yet.
- Ah, darn
- Dude, look at, I don't
care if I've looked there,
just keep looking.
Are there two people in here?
- Yes.
- If you hand them to me right now,
you get to keep one of the briefcases.
- That means you're stealing
it from somebody else.
- Don't do it!
This is going on the internet!
- There's only 15 minutes left.
- 15 minutes left, and I walk away 10K.
- Nothing can stop me.
I'm ready.
I'm winning this.
- Wait, what did I just see?
Wait.
Here, come over here.
Since there's literally
less than 20 minutes,
I'm gonna act like I can't
see, so you might wanna run.
I'd feel terrible taking
$10,000 from those guys
in the literal last 15
minutes of the challenge.
- We are in the final 10
minutes of this challenge.
- So tired.
- The home stretch is finally here.
- The challenge does end in five minutes.
- I'm not gonna do it.
- For 10 grand?
- 10 grand.
Not gonna do it.
- Wow.
- The last four minutes of this challenge,
hopefully there's no
twist and turns again.
- I'd cry real tears if I
get eliminated at this point.
- Three, two, one.
Contestants, the timer
has finally hit zero.
- It's done, it's done, it's done.
- What?
- Jimmy, called the contestants.
- I just found...
Bro, wait.
- If you are still in, that
means you won $10,000 in cash.
- You lasted one second extra.
You won.
- I know.
I'm literally listening to them.
- Oh my God!
My kids are gonna have a real vacation.
- Congratulations on all you surviving.
They each just won $10,000 in cash.
On top of all the other
money we gave away,
I had a million dollars at risk,
and I think I ended up only
spending half a million
which I can live with.
Subscribe.